add some clarification to the helm api customization (#6920)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/istioctl/index.md

{{< /text >}}

{{< tip >}}
For backwards compatibility, most of the previous [Helm installation options](/docs/reference/config/installation-options/)

> are also supported except for kubernetes resources. To set them on the command line, prepend the option name with "`values.`".

Reviewer: This sentence is now ambiguous. "To set them ..." could be interpreted to be either the helm installation options or the kubernetes resources. How about:
```
For backwards compatibility, the previous [Helm installation options](/docs/reference/config/installation-options/),
with the exception of Kubernetes resource settings,
are also fully supported. To set them on the command line, prepend the option name with "`values.`".
```

Author: ok will do

For example, the following command overrides the `pilot.traceSampling` Helm configuration option:

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl manifest apply --set values.pilot.traceSampling=0.1
{{< /text >}}

> Helm values can also be set in an `IstioOperator` YAML file as described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm values can also be set in an `IstioOperator` CR (YAML file) as described in
```

Author: done

[Customize Istio settings using the Helm API](#customize-istio-settings-using-the-helm-api), below.

> If you want to set kubernetes resource settings, it is recommended to use `IstioOperator` API as described in

Reviewer 2: s/it is recommended to/you must/ ?
the fact is, using helm api just doesn't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to set Kubernetes resource settings, use the `IstioOperator` API as described in
```

Author: done

>  [Customize Kubernetes settings](#customize-kubernetes-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [Customize Kubernetes settings](#customize-kubernetes-settings).
```

Author: done

namespaces and enablement settings. The Istio community recommends using the `IstioOperator` API as it is more
consistent, is validated, and follows the [community graduation process](https://github.com/istio/community/blob/master/FEATURE-LIFECYCLE-CHECKLIST.md#feature-lifecycle-checklist).

{{< tip >}}
Helm API may not support some kubernetes settings, please use [Customize Kubernetes settings](#customize-kubernetes-settings)

> {{< /tip >}}

Reviewer 2: i suggest omitting this, since we already mention it at the start of the doc.

Author: done

Reviewer: Doesn't look done. Remove lines 462-465.

Author: ok forgot to commit, now it is done
